1. Write Program to place Name,AGE and Mobile Number by using Linear Layout (vertical / Horizontal ) / Absolute Layout

2.  Write Program todisplay 5 Students baasic information in Table form using Table Layout

3. Write Program to create a first display screen of any search engine using Auto Complete Text View

4. Write Program to create togglle button to display ON/OFF Bluetoth on the display Screen

5.  Write Program to to show five checkboxes and toast selected checkboxes

6. Write Program to select any one radio button from 2 radio button whichare without using radio group and create Male and 
Female Radio Button using Radio Group and display Proper Toast 

7. Write Program to display circular Progress Bar/ show File Downloading Progress Bar

8. Write Program to display List of subject using List view and Appropriate Toast according to selection of subject

9. Write Program to display 15 button using Grid View

10.  Write Program to display text view using vertical scroll view

11.  Write Program to display date and time on click of "Select Date","select Time" Button respectively

12.  Write Program to create a Activity using all lifecycle methods to display message using Log

13. Write Program to create a text field and button"Navigate",when you enter "www.google.com" and press navigate 
button it should open google page.

14. Write Program to create button "start Dialer",when u click on this button it should open the phone dialer

15. Write Program to two screen ,first get number and and on second screen display "Factorial " of given number using 
intent

16.  Write Program to start WI-Fi Service

17. Write Program to demonstrate all the system broadcast message

18.  Write Program to display the list of sensors supported by the mobile device

19. Write Program to capture image and display it using image view

20.  Write Program to capture video using various camera methods

21. Write Program to Turn On ,Get visible, Pair device ,Turn off Blutooth

22. Write Program to Rotate the image in clockwise /anticlockwise,Zoom In,ZoomOUT,FadeIn,Fade OUT

23. Write a program to create simple database in SQLite

24. Write Program to send and receive SMS,make use of following GUI

25. Write Program to send Mail make use appropriate GUI